# Total Number of Ukrainian Refugees By Country

##### This map documents the numbers of Ukrainian refugees both in Ukraine and in European nations. The data from outside Ukraine came from the UNHCR organization that cares for the refugees and displaced. They are managed by the United Nations. Meanwhile, the number of Internally Dsiplaced People (IDPs) in Ukraine came from the Internal Displacement Monitoring Center (iDMC). This choropleth map documents the amount of refugees in each European nation to give a general sense of the number of refugees that are scattered accross Europe and where. Furthermore, farther removed nations such as the Balkan states, Georgia, Turkey, etc. were also included because they are in a similar proximity to both Ukraine and Russia. Russia has a significant amount of refugees that came from Ukraine, but a lot of them were deported to Russia against their will. Ultimately, the decision was made to not throw out that data but include Russia with a notice that a signifciant fraction of the people that went there were compelled to by force. The choropleth symbolization uses a "Yellow Green Blue" ColorBrewer2 color scheme to differentiate the map classes and to colorize all regions with data by country. Using the basic Leaflet basemap and centering the map around Europe allows the reader to zero in on the colored countries that took in refugees. Readers can hover over each country to get actual counts; the country will change to red when hovered over. Ultimately, I hope that this infographic is informative and helps shed light into the refugee situation in Europe as a result of the 2022 Russian Invasion of Ukraine.
